fix link to code of conduct (#75)
netdata/community: README.md

# Code of Conduct

> This repository is part of the Netdata organization, thus the Netdata [Code of Conduct](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/nightly/miscellaneous/netdata-community-code-of-conduct) applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is part of the Netdata organization, thus the Netdata [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/netdata/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) applies.
```
